if you don't know a marathon is 26 miles
and today with no prior training we're
going to attempt it with the world's
largest pair of shoes you want to
compare them wow
look at the difference there
yeah they already do
so the marathon has started i don't like
this i don't either feel free to pass us
you're doing the whole marathon like
that wow we technically haven't even
passed the start line yet we're actually
negative into the race what happened to
trailer we haven't even got through the
start line and he's quit and it has
officially begun there it is we did it
everybody's already passed us or being
left behind look slow and steady wins
the race a marathon is one of the
hardest feats any human could attempt
space travel i said one
this is 26 miles which is a lot people
trained for these for like a long time i
got four hours of sleep and i ate a hot
dog each of these shoes weighs five
pounds that's 10 pounds in total that's
my child on my feet now you know what
your wife has to carry all day how far
are we eighth of a mile eighth of a mile
take it what happened to chandler these
shoes suck they hurt my ankles my feet
26 miles doing this i'm miserable buddy
what took so long my shoes don't fit
they're size 40.
i don't know if chad was cut out for the
size 40 marathon some men can't handle
the size 40.
i think she's the final person now we
are officially in last place
yeah and it's us every time i think he
quits he comes back
he threw his shoes does that mean you're
done
i think he survived half a mile he made
it a lot farther than we thought and
we're proud of them
can you uh not throw your shoes and quit
on me no promises okay we're already so
far behind that we have to go on the
sidewalk because they're about to open
up the first part of the road aka we're
going too slow now find that beat there
it is one of our friends is running the
marathon normally this guy carl i'm
gonna call him and see how far ahead he
is hey what's up how's everything going
for you
how do your shoes that don't weigh 10
pounds feel i didn't even remember
i hate you bye just talked to jimmy i'm
going to go ahead and do the marathon on
my own with regular boys shoes and see
how much faster i can get to the finish
line than them we're going to do this
100 reel so in between each cut we're
going to try our best to time lapse
everything we're not like normal
youtubers who just fake stuff time lapse
[Music]
we have crossed one mile out of 26.
we're gonna take a quick break
all right i need help since chandler
quit we called in help from our friend
tyler from this video we need you to put
on his shoes and join us do you have
multiple days free it's going to take
days yeah maybe help me up it's hard to
stand up
oh this feels weird
how's it going what's up
so you're going to see a lot of people
go by us that's because in this marathon
you go to a point and then you come back
we're so far behind they're already on
their lap back
we are passing mile number two we're two
miles in how do you feel everything
hurts these shoes are too big i don't
know if this is possible tyler how do
you feel my ankles are killing me i
understand why he quit it hurts bad yeah
we're only eight percent done i already
feel like i have blisters we are done
with our break all right 24 miles to
go it's harder than it looks chris did
you fart i did i smell it oh i like your
shoes better you want to trade i love
your shoes
that's what
oh my god
i got big feet is it me or have the
shoes gotten bigger i swear they've
gotten bigger no that's not how shoes
work i know this is hard boys
but we got to do it okay why because
it's what the title and thumbnail said
this is a subway foot log and this is
how it compares to our shoe tiny
okay break's over let's grind out to
miles okay boys our friend carl ran the
marathon normal now he's calling hey
what's up did you finish yeah i just did
are you guys about to finish you did all
26 miles yeah it's all it's all done now
we're on mile 3.3 three yeah they're
closing down the finish line at fifty
you got fifteen minutes to make it
twenty two twenty three more miles i
hate to break it to you but that's not
happening in that case i'm gonna go to
sleep okay bye
there's a car here for sale should we
buy this car and just fake the video
please we don't fake video
all right boys uh
time for
another break it's a lot harder than i
thought it would be i don't know once
you get going it's not that bad he's
that kid everyone hates
i don't know how i'm gonna finish
because we're five miles in and we have
another 20 to go and i'm excited 21 to
be exact my toes hurt i will be shocked
if we finish this
all right guys we got a good break in
let's keep going
[Music]
oh wait i forgot you have big shoes on
who got big shoes your boy i got big
shoes on coming into town
i need another break dude my hips are
killing me oh my back no more breaks
after this my ankles are hurting so
we're gonna re-wrap them and maybe make
it tighter this shoe was constantly
scraping the side of my feet and it was
getting extremely painful so we had to
do some modifications so we have our new
contraptions on we're still getting used
to them it still hurts my hips but just
not as bad let's start getting some
miles in boys grind time baby we're
marching down the street and our
oversized shoes
[Music]
oh my gosh they're burning all right i
need a break we went and got some pizza
and i'm not gonna lie i feel much better
after eating i took a break from walking
and now i'm cold it's 11 p.m we've been
going for like 15 hours my legs are
super tight the things we do for videos
tyler are you tired yes chris are you
tired and cold jimmy are you tired yes
well then the only logical thing to do
is to go get some sleep and pick up
where we are right here tomorrow clap on
three one two three and now it's the
next day let's get back to the marathon
boys we had to pay someone to custom
make these shoes for months the shoes
cost twelve thousand dollars these are
expensive shoes
[Music]
is this a life jacket why is there a
princess life jacket on the side of the
street
hey what's up man
out here doing things
and stuff
all right boys i need another break
let's go sit down we had to take a quick
pit stop to duct tape up the shoes the
shoes are all fixed we're gonna keep
going
[Music]
you like our shoes
we haven't even crossed 10 miles yet
shut up we still have 16 more shut your
mouth whoa
i was dead what do you think of our
shoes they're nice you know what they
say about big shoes
big socks
have a great day that's a good joke
right here
yes why are we holding hands friendship
hey how's it
going i love you too carl's called
hey carl what's up hey not too much i'm
just hanging out at the beach right now
where are you guys at oh we haven't
reached 10 miles yet yeah we're still
doing the marathon hurry up i'm over
here right next to the ferris wheel well
not all of us had normal shoes take your
phone my legs hurt
my heart hurts
[Music]
all right hold up
we are now over 10 miles in this
marathon yay not halfway there yeah but
close
we're almost halfway we'll be half
almost halfway
[Music]
i have like five cramps my cramps have
cramps
here's the deal we need to blitz out
some miles blitz on three one two three
[Music]
this is uphill this is hard
hey oh that was like five phones
recording me you guys are awesome i love
you
oh this hurts jogging hurts
[Music]
all right and we just crossed the 12th
mile
almost halfway
this hurts i'm so tired my new strat is
to get really far ahead and then nap
while i wait they're so far back there i
think jogging might be the strap boys
yeah i gotta keep walking but we can
talk you said you're subscribed to me
yeah prove it as you can see here he is
subscribed here's some money
oh my god are you guys subscribed no no
no oh darn
okay i'm gonna go back to my marathon
hit that subscribe button because you
might bump into me in real life and it
might make you a lot of money is he
subscribed you are subscribed here's
some money have a good day
thank you
[Music]
12 and a half miles yay
confetti we're almost halfway let's
blitz to the 13 mile marker which is
half of the 26 total on three one two
last one's rotten egg
you're too bad
where's mile 13 we maybe made it 50 feet
that's harder than i thought all right
we're just going to walk the rest after
that sprint my legs are telling me to
stop that was kind of dumb not my legs
we have officially completed a half
marathon in size 40 shoes how do you
guys feel like we did it everything
we've done up to this point we have to
do again at least we know we can do it
once does anybody have a bathroom around
here i got a poop this man's fitting the
bus i really have to poop so i'm gonna
see if they'll let me use the bathroom i
can't fit up the stairs
it's probably the most dangerous thing
i've ever done in my life
thanks for letting me use your bathroom
have a good day
[Music]
and we're on mile 14. all right boys
we're a mile over halfway how do you
feel i don't feel right now my legs are
feeling and it's pain let's take a break
let's do it three hours later it's been
a little while we ate some grapes
and um yeah now we're gonna start
walking again we still have 12 miles
left
we are officially on mile number 16 boys
it's really late mm-hmm we want to go
home yes we do so let's finish the last
10 miles let's go
[Music]
why is this uphill oh this really hurts
we're closing in on mile 17. i can't
wait
what just happened
so
we just still walk
we still be walking
[Music]
it's a break time yet
take a break on this uncomfortable grass
well of course
i think we should get some rest and
finish tomorrow agreed i agree yes
everyone lay down and go to bed you're
just gonna sleep in the streets lay down
for the streets
how'd you guys sleep last night oh that
was the worst sleep i've ever had in my
life getting up it's gonna be hard
there's a rock under me and let's
continue my legs hurt my knees are rusty
like it's my left leg that i feel like
i've ruined brady
okay i have your hat thank you uh my
legs are so hurting
my knees are swollen
of course we have a few miles left and
there's a billboard with a stake on it
and mind you that steak looks good
whoa look at this two hour break
initially i mean it would be rude of us
not to
all right i guess that might as well sit
sorry tyler oh you're heavy you weigh a
lot now my legs are worse i think
sitting makes it worse they're really
tight not gonna lie sitting feels good
don't know what you're talking about you
know it's gonna feel better finishing
it's actually insane that we raised
enough money to plant 20 million trees i
feel like most people forgot that was
even a thing like that was so crazy team
trees was such a big success also we
just crossed 22 miles hey
[Music]
this is it the final mile we got this
boys final mile on three three two one
final mile three final mile i can't
believe we actually have done this this
is the dumbest thing we've ever done
hello hey don't fall out of your car why
would she why'd she open her door
dangerous don't
lots of yelling i'm just trying to cross
the street in peace the fun fact about
this energy i don't hear it being up we
only got like an eighth of a mile left
jimmy there will be a finish line who
promised
there it is oh my god oh my god
thank you this right here is the pathway
to the finish line
it's not as epic as a normal finish line
and that's because the marathon closed
two days ago i have never been so happy
in my entire life we're almost there
we're almost at the finish line it's
right there okay okay last one's running
[Applause]
why did we do that
oh i jumped
i'm tired
we did it
we officially completed a marathon in
size 40 shoes i have a big hat on i'll
just i'll hold it more importantly let's
get these shoes off yes now please this
video took a lot of time and was
incredibly painful yes so if you could
subscribe it'd make all our feets feel
better and also our hearts please do i
love you guys see you later
[Music]
yeah you know his name he changed it
once or twice but i think it's here to
stay